BP 70 over 40. It keeps dropping.
No pupillary reflex or response.
-Intubate her and call the chief.
-Yes, Doctor.
What? What happened? What's going on?
Gang-du!
Wait here.
It's no use following us anyway.
Jae-yeong.
JUNG S. HUI, NEUROSURGERY, IN OPERATION
"Jung Suk-hui."
JUNG SUK-HUI, FEMALE, 79
Suk-hui.
Even your name is pretty, my dear granny.
No, you'll be fine.
You'll be fine.
We couldn't control the bleeding
because of her high brain pressure.
Her swelling is severe, so the area is…
When she was hospitalized, she signed
that she refuses
any life-sustaining treatment.
If she doesn't regain consciousness,
our chief will have a look,
and he may remove the ventilator.
Who says he can?
Don't you see her breathing?
She's still alive.
Not on her own. The ventilator is...
Touch her.
She's still warm.
Treat her.
She was insulting me just last night.
Bring her back.
No visitors are allowed here. Leave.
-What are you doing?
-I'm sorry.
-Leave.
-Don't you turn the ventilator off.
You can't do this here. Please leave.
-Gang-du, let's talk--
-I'm not leaving!
Treat her in front of me as I'm watching.
Save her.
You did all that studying to save people.
How come you're doing nothing?
Let go of me and do something, you jerks!
Granny!
Let's go. Get up.
Don't you touch her!
Don't you dare lay a finger on her!
I'll kill you if you pull the plug!
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
Let go of me.
Let go of me, you jerks!
Let go!
Do you want to die?
Gang-du!
Don't do this.
Then you won't be able to see her.
If he makes a scene again,
he won't be allowed in.
He won't.
Please give him some time.
You should go.
Go.
There's something…
I never told you
because I got pissed last time.
When a person dies…
they go back
to when they were the prettiest…
so don't worry.
Your husband…
will fall head over heels for you.
I'm the one who's worried,
because I might fall for you too.
Later on…
if I come and hit on you…
don't pretend you don't know me.
Swear at me all you want.
That way, I'll know it's you.
Okay?
You can't ignore me, okay?
My granny.
He just keeps sleeping.
He sleeps all day long.
Should I wake him up?
No, let him sleep.
He didn't get any sleep
throughout the funeral,
so it's better to let him sleep.
-But still…
-Wait until he gets up.
Then please give him this on my behalf.
Gang-du.
Let me know if you're hungry.
We have lots of delicious stuff.
Okay?
Mun-su.
Mun-su!
Are you leaving after this project?
Sorry?
Chief told me to return
to the design team starting next week.
Are you leaving?
Hello?
Will you have the entire model
ready by next week?
-Yes.
-Thanks for your hard work.
Well, then what will happen to me?
That's the draft for the memorial park.
It's nothing special.
-Just an FYI.
-Sorry?
We just have the space
without any feasible design.
You should try designing it yourself.
Me?
I only have a preliminary license.
So you need hands-on practice.
But still, how could I do this alone?
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Let me know if you have any difficulties.
I'll help you.
I'm trying my best
to at least be a decent mentor.
But still, this doesn't seem right.
It's too much pressure, and I feel bad.
-Once this model is--
-Don't be sorry.
I'm the one who feels sorry.
The head office will promote
that the park was designed
by an actual victim.
Then they'd have a reason
to minimize the misunderstanding.
It'll feel burdensome.
However, that's when I tend
to get the best results.
Gang-du, you should eat something.
You'll get sick
if you lie around all depressed.
You should grab a bite to eat and…
What?
Where did he go?
OUTSTANDING BOND COLLECTION
LAWYER HWANG JEONG-SEOK!
This one. And…
LAND GIFT DEED
TITLE TRANSFER REGISTRATION
Sign here.
GIVER: JUNG SUK-HUI
RECEIVER: LEE GANG-DU
Good for you. You're to sell it here.
JUNG YU-TAEK
They already talked numbers.
Don't you need this?
I know him.
She said you should settle your debt first
and put it in your bank account
once you get paid.
Stop carrying cash around.
She's dead?
She had no problem eating greasy food
until recently. Why did she suddenly die?
-What about the contract?
-Man, tell me about it.
Why didn't she give it to me
when I offered to raise the price?
Why did she lie and say she gave it away?
There must've been something
more crucial than money.
Nothing is more important
than money in life.
The older you get,
the more you need money.
-Is that what you said to her?
-Of course I did.
She clearly seemed interested back then.
We can't put it off any longer, so hurry.
-Or our legal team--
-Are you crazy?
The board is already out to get me.
I'll handle it.
She didn't even have a kid.
Who did she give it to? Damn it.
You can't manage anything
with that kind of language.
When someone dies,
at least offer your condolences.
If you can't do it with your heart,
do it with your head.
Everyone dies.
We all have limited time.
No one lives forever!
DINER YURAM
Hey.
What brings you here? Where's Mama?
She died.
When?
Are we done settling?
Account settled.
What about her business?
Will you run it?
He's not here?
He isn't.
He hasn't even eaten,
but he suddenly left.
Mom.
Hey, Mun-su.
Gang-du wasn't at Granny's place either.
Then where did he go?
Is he up to no good again?
Goodness.
Hey, I know you.
It's not like you can find him
simply by wandering around.
You're more foolish than you look.
I looked everywhere he could be,
but I can't find him,
and he won't answer my calls.
-If something bad were to happen--
-Why would something bad happen to him?
-Sorry?
-You still don't know him too well.
Don't worry about him.
He won't break down that easily.
Well, my molars on this side are
all dental implants.
I got beaten up and lost them.
Sorry?
It was about ten years ago.
I got involved with the wrong guy
and got beaten up badly.
I ran away
when I felt my life was in danger.
But no one tried to stop him,
even as I was getting beaten.
They only believed him,
that I was a gold digger
who stole his money.
I thought, "I will die here in misery."
But…
Don't hit her.
This boy stood there
and yelled at him as he quivered.
If you hit her again…
I'll hit you too.
"I'll hit you too."
That skinny boy stood there saying that
to a guy three, four times bigger.
As if.
We both ended up getting beaten badly.
Is that supposed to be funny?
Yes.
That's a fond memory for me.
Gang-du is a kid
who held a brick in his hand
until the very end even as he was beaten.
I asked,
"Why did you keep it
if you didn't use it?"
Do you know what he said?
I was scared.
He wanted to run away,
but he thought I might really die.
He needed to hold that brick
in his hand to bear the pain.
That's who Gang-du is.
That's why he won't do anything
you're worried about.
Just trust him
and wait.
GANG-DU
WAN-JIN
Wan-jin, what are you up to?
I waited for you to call
to eat dinner with you.
Why?
DEAR GANG-DU
Dear Gang-du.
Go to Lawyer Hwang Jeong-seok's office
and do as he says.
Go to Unit 301
of Iga Arcade in Goyang-dong
and pay Myeongmun Bio
187,000 won for medicine.
Unit 105 of Seongil Arcade
in Chorye-dong, Sammun Pharmacy.
Give them 384,000 won for medicine and IV.
Give Park of Munseong-dong
220,000 won for medicine.
Unit 101 of Hyeonjin Arcade,
get 400,000 won
for rent from Bok-su's dad.
If Shin of Ggotsun's Snacks
fails to pay her monthly rent again,
tell her I'm deducting it
from her deposit.
Kim of KP Engineering
owes 320,000 won monthly.
Get 30,000 won
from Su-a's mom for medicine.
Nam Phuong of Daegyeong Precision
owes 20,000 won for IV.
Stop by once every few days and clean up.
Stop looking at your damn phone
and do what I told you!
Put those boxes up there first.
Hey, make sure you clean all the dust.
Squeeze water out of the rag!
Even if there's no business,
keep it clean.
For those who have nowhere else to go,
this is their final resort.
Do you understand?
She orders me around even after death?
Was the guy who made a scene
in the ICU your brother?
It could happen when he's tired,
but you never know,
so tell him to get examined.
What? Is that for me?
NOODLES AND GIMBAP
Gosh, thanks for the food.
You wanted to eat something nice.
Is this it?
It got colder, so I was craving soup.
Why have you been so busy?
You never stop by anymore.
-Busy dating?
-Wan-jin.
-How can you ask me that now?
-Why can't I ask you that now?
Gang-du must feel very empty right now.
This is the time
for you two to start dating.
Stop making excuses
about why you two can't date. Just do it.
Not yet.
Why not?
You're the one who said
you wanted to stay by Gang-du's side.
Did you forget?
I still feel the same way,
but I'll hold back.
He'll keep pretending like he's fine
when he's with me.
This is his time to mourn.
That way, he'll be fine later.
None of us were able to do that.
We were busy getting mad
and feeling sorry.
Don't mind what Wan-jin said.
I'm not dating.
I'd be glad if you were.
I just didn't want you to date him.
It's cold. You should go.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
-Hello.
-How much is the donut?
-It's 2,000 won for three.
-Enjoy.
-Thank you.
GALAXY INN
Hey, Mun-su.
He went out a while ago.
-Goodness.
-Oh, dear.
What's all this?
What do you think? Your food.
Mun-su gets groceries for you
and brings it home.
What?
She came over every single day,
but she asked me not to tell you.
Oh, I just did.
Goodness, you had no idea
what you've been eating.
Stop picking at food. You're a man.
Here, your favorite sausage.
Here. Eat up, will you?
Gang-du.
Buttercream bread.
Open up.
Goodness, my back.
I won't make you pay for food this month.
Don't you like dumplings? There's--
Hey.
What's wrong?
-Gang-du.
That kid and his temper.
Darn it.
Why are you here?
To take the bus. What about you?
Are you coming home now?
Have you eaten?
-No.
-That's great. Should we eat together?
No.
Then do you want to sit and watch me eat?
That's not going to happen.
It'll never happen.
So stop getting me these.
No.
Don't ever come back.
Darn it, you're so horrible.
But don't come. Don't.
There's something in the freezer.
What are you doing in the dark?
It must be tough for everyone
to put food on the table.
That's why we only see food on TV now.
You should eat more properly.
Mom, did you eat all of this?
Yes.
But I still feel empty.
I feel empty no matter how much I eat.
You could've at least warmed them up.
These were all cold.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I'm sorry I made you eat alone.
That's nothing new.
When you get older,
you spend more than enough time alone.
Then just live together.
What?
Why did you marry Dad
if you two were going to live separately?
I never expected this to happen.
I shouldn't have asked him.
What?
To marry me.
You asked him?
Why did I do that?
I hate him to death now.
Yet you tell me to get married?
Yes.
Do it.
You should try doing it at least once.
No matter how much I hate him,
I think it was better to be together
than what I'm doing now.
What's that?
That?
FIERY DUMPLINGS
GRILLED BEEF
So stop getting me these. No.
Don't ever come back.
You're impossible.
I'll let you slide for now.
DEAR GANG-DU
Be as happy as you can.
BE AS HAPPY AS YOU CAN
This one I can't do,
Granny.
You just joined us
and already got a project?
Are you that good at your job,
or is it something else?
This just proves
that girls have it easier.
Once you humor them a little and smile,
you get your own project.
Chief.
What?
Those rude things you just said
were directed toward Mr. Seo, not me.
The reason he gave me this project
probably isn't
as trivial as you think it may be.
Well… What now?
What did I say?
You tend to take my words the wrong way.
Listen more carefully, Mun-su.
Drink up.
Your grandmother gave me this tea.
It was to help
with my fatigue and insomnia.
But it looks like you could use it.
She was still a healthy woman for her age…
Why would you bring up her age?
If she had a long life,
does it mean it's okay for her to die?
Do good deaths exist?
I'm sorry. That was my mistake.
Well.
That's not why I'm here.
What will you make here?
Retirement homes.
It's the closest to the road,
so it'll be turned
into the VIP parking lot.
Sounds perfect.
Can we move the memorial park to here?
If we change the parking lot entrance,
we can make it happen.
But retirement homes are
Cheongyu's main business,
as it costs 1.2 billion won to move in.
They won't let you do that.
That's why they wanted to hide it
behind the research building
where no one goes.
But it can happen if they give you
the permission to do that, correct?
What are you up to?
I'm not so sure.
I'm not sure.
But when I come back,
please do give me a hand.
That's bitter.
It must be good for your body.
My goodness.
You told me not to come.
Why are you here?
I'm not here to see you.
You weren't going to see me
after coming all this way?
Get back to work. Don't mind me.
How can I not mind you?
Mr. Seo left the design
of the memorial park to me.
Good for you.
You started this.
Don't ditch me.
We're doing this together.
Hey, over here.
I was going to call you.
Let's go.
Where to?
Where do you think?
We have lots to discuss.
Let's go, then,
although I have no idea what it's about.
What just happened?
Is she sick of good men?
Why is Ms. Jung doing that to Gang-du?
Mun-su, you should follow them.
He's doing that on purpose because of me.
My gosh, you're so confident.
They just left together
looking very friendly.
His eyes.
His eyes didn't get smaller.
He only moved his mouth.
He always gets caught by me.
Did you just take advantage of me?
Stay for five more minutes.
It'll be odd if you go now.
This was too obvious.
Ms. Ha doesn't seem like
she'd misunderstand you
or grow distant over this.
I didn't think I could leave
unless I pulled this trick.
Otherwise, I would've left
with Mun-su by my side.
Thanks for playing along.
You're a catch.
And what I love more is,
you don't know it.
But don't fall for me.
Things are complicated as is.
I might fall for you
if I stick around, so I should go.
Oh, but I did have something to discuss.
Has Cheongyu met the owner
of the land they want?
Assistant.
-Yes?
-Water.
What now?
What don't you like this time?
Doesn't the pose seem
a little awkward?
What are you saying?
This is one of my secrets
that stems from experience.
Is this possible?
-Are you sure you've done this?
-Hey!
I mean, like this.
See? It's weird.
Well, then what?
Then what do I do?
First, hand on the back of the neck.
Caress the shoulder with the other hand.
Slide down slowly,
then hold hands.
Oh, right.
This is for you.
What's this?
My first paycheck was
much bigger than I expected.
It's a present.
Hey.
It now looks like
I forced you to give me something.
When we went
to the New Year's party for webtoonists,
it seemed like you had fun
skydiving with VR goggles.
Yes, it was fun.
Thanks.
We'll reinforce the structure
as we dispose of waste
to shorten the schedule.
By reinforcing the structure, do you mean
additional beams in the ground?
It's like seeing myself.
What?
I mean you.
Your eyes are fixed on someone
who doesn't love you back,
just like me.
We'll be done by the end of the week
to stay on schedule--
Are you like this with Ms. Ha?
Do you only talk business
when you're with her?
So you let that inexperienced woman
design the memorial park.
Isn't that too much?
She can do it.
-I know she will.
-You want to believe that.
You're just playing Daddy Long Legs.
It's uncomfortable
to continue to discuss this with you.
Well, I guess
that's how Ms. Ha feels
when she's with me.
And you're saying that to me?
Are you doing this to hurt me?
Yu-jin.
Does it seem like I'm refusing to give up?
This isn't you.
I thought I'd be different too.
I thought I wouldn't be
as emotional as everyone else.
I tried so hard.
But I'm not so sure.
If you want to get rid of me,
then don't show this side to me.
Is the bidding process done?
So you didn't call me
because you missed me?
I was asked to do a favor.
How dare anyone make me come here
in the middle of the day?
You'll see once you're inside.
What's he doing here?
I'm not sure.
You'll find out once you talk to him.
LAND GIFT DEED
I didn't know we'd get involved again.
It's the contract you gave my granny.
And it's much higher
than the market price.
I looked into it, and this piece of land
seemed very important.
I can't sell it like this.
I knew you were reckless,
but you're also brazen.
I'm not brazen. I'm just not a pushover.
I couldn't care less
about selling this land.
But there's something called
an injunction to discontinue construction.
The first trial takes six months,
and three years
if I take it to the Supreme Court.
My gosh.
How much will it cost
to stop work for a day?
A fortune, right?
Mr. Jung, you know that best.
I'll offer 1.5 times more. That's final.
I wasn't talking about money.
What's more important than money?
The terms.
I have a request to make.
Did you have a good talk?
Bye, then.
Bye.
Are you in on it too?
What do you mean?
What were you doing
in that run-down arcade?
What were you,
that old woman and that jerk up to?
It's not like that.
She gave that golden plot
to that jerk who isn't even her own blood.
Why should I believe you?
Had she gone senile?
That's enough.
Why didn't she die quietly?
Why the hell did she give it to that jerk?
I told you to stop!
Don't you dare
speak another word like that
against Mama.
Hey.
Hey, what's wrong?
I mean, I wasn't trying to denounce her.
When people get older…
I mean, people are the same.
They aren't the same.
They're different.
There may be millions
and billions of people out there.
No matter how many there are…
there was only one Mama.
The only one.
There's only one of her.
Hello.
-Udon, please. Make it hot.
-Sure.
If you can't make something happen,
just leave it.
Don't try too hard.
Sadness and pain are always around us.
Just accept it. What can we do?
SEONGJI PRINTING
You're here.
You're having soda again?
This is the best thirst quencher.
Is this all?
Of course this is it.
-I'm not moving into the hospital.
-RIght, you're not.
-Are you scared?
-I am.
My head will be split open.
Think about how painful it'll be.
-If I'm forcing you to--
-This is your problem.
Why would I open up my head
because of you?
Brighten up a little, will you?
If you keep looking sad,
I'll forget this--
Wait, fine. Okay.
You and your temper.
Happy now?
Happy.
If by any chance…
I pass on to the other side
without saying goodbye--
Don't say something that ominous!
Hear me out to the end, okay?
I won't grow tired of waiting for you,
so take your time.
Don't be in a rush to come.
Forget it.
You take your time leaving.
Or I'll become worse.
Who'll yell at me to live better
if you aren't around?
Hey, others' advice is
the most useless thing in this world.
Don't ask for others' opinions
from now on.
Don't stop yourself
from doing what you want
because you're afraid of other people.
Just live your life as you wish. Got it?
Then what is this?
Isn't this advice?
This is an order.
There's a small store behind my shop.
Don't use your money to feed the cats.
You can take it from there.
It's one thing if I'd never fed them,
but since I began to feed them,
I have to take responsibility.
Please don't worry about it.
It won't be easy.
Gang-du will do it one day,
and Mary will do it too.
You'll each take turns.
You can just do it on Wednesdays.
And it gets dangerous at night,
so take Gang-du with you.
Okay?
I saw this and was reminded of Granny.
And you're…
Hey, Gang-du.
Why are you here?
Granny's things were
left behind at the hospital.
And this too.
Mama always had the same taste.
Please, sit here.
This is really sweet. What is this?
-Was she good at English?
-She must've been.
She said she was a popular singer
on the US Army base.
She loves hamburgers too.
No, she hates the US.
She was the last North Korean partisan
who operated in Mount Jiri to the end.
She carried an awesome gun on her back,
and she had over 100 subordinates.
What about selling medicine?
-Wasn't she in med--
-She's not supposed to.
It's illegal.
She was an awful loan shark.
She was orphaned during the Korean War,
so she grew up on the US Army base.
But she was a nurse, not a singer.
Her husband was a guerrilla agent.
But he never received treatment
and died of tuberculosis.
-He died?
-He died.
That's why
she became a loan shark to make money.
She wanted to help those who were sick--
Forget it. Who cares about the past?
Mama is just Mama.
Yes, she always said
we shouldn't let our past drag us down.
Sitting here like this, it feels like
Mama is still in that room.
In that moment,
it really felt like she was still alive.
Because she left behind
so many things with us.
However…
there's a deep grief
which nothing and no one can console.
I'll see you out there soon.
Hey.
I'm his sister, but I only see him
three, four times a year.
Did he ever say he was sick?
No.
Oh, medicine.
-He takes some medicine.
-Which kind?
I heard he takes painkillers. Blue pills.
I'm not so sure.
Why?
Is he sick?
I'm sure he is.
He almost died in that accident.
Oh, you probably know that
better than I do.
So if you can help it,
please don't mention the accident.
He spent days with a dead body.
It'll only torment him to remember that.
Sorry?
What do you mean?
He didn't tell you?
Could you bring one of his pills to me?
Why are you still here?
Go.
I will.
Please do that.
Let's go. I'll walk you.
What's with you? I'm not a kid.
She seemed clueless.
-About what?
-The shopping mall.
You didn't tell her how you survived?
Forget it.
Nothing good can come from knowing that.
Taxi.
Call when you get home.
Over here! There's someone here!
Kid, stay with us. Hang in there, okay?
There's someone inside.
There's this guy.
Please save him.
Over here!
-Where?
-What? Is he dead?
Didn't he say he was alive?
I think he's been dead for a while.
Don't take the medicine blindly
when I'm not around.
Today is the last day.
This drug won't relieve your pain.
You only hide it with this drug,
so you won't realize it
when your body is in pain.
Then it'll end up hurting you more.
I need more sleep.
When you're in pain,
you need to say it out loud.
Do you understand?
What are you up to?
Go.
Just go.
I don't want to.
Leave me alone!
You've been alone all along.
I can't let this go on.
You're acting strangely.
You haven't talked about Granny once.
When everyone else shared their stories,
you were silent.
So what?
You're suffering so much,
you can't even talk about it.
I just had nothing to say.
I'm fine, so go.
I won't.
You don't look fine.
Don't make me feel humiliated and just go.
You were there with me
when I seemed pathetic
and foolish.
I'm going to stay with you too.
Go.
Please.
I clearly told you to go.
If you don't go now…
I'll never let go of your hand.
What's with that face?
Mun-su must be happy.
I got jealous.
I'm going to face it,
so you can go in reverse or go straight.
Try to work it out.
You're always with him.
Of course he's on your mind.
It's not like that.
I mean I can only see his good sides,
and it's driving me insane.
If you like him, date him.
Once you do it, it won't be a big deal.
You eat so prettily.
What?
You must be busy acting cute.
I love seeing
how lovey-dovey this young couple is.
Please don't tell Mom.
She won't approve.
There aren't many people in this world
who make you smile like this.
What's the color of the pill you take?
The pills Gang-du takes are blue.
Is that so important?
I hope it isn't.
Subtitle translation by: Eun-sook Yoon